This model is based on the Deep Learning 
Deep learning is an artificial intelligence function that imitates the workings of the human brain in processing data and
creating patterns for use in decision making. Deep learning is a subset of machine learning in artificial intelligence (AI)
that has 
networks capable of learning unsupervised from data that is unstructured or unlabeled. Also known as deep neural learning 
or deep neural network.
Andrew Ng from Coursera and Chief Scientist at Baidu Research formally founded Google Brain that eventually resulted in 
the productization of deep learning technologies across a large number of Google services.
In early talks on deep learning, Andrew described deep learning in the context of traditional artificial neural networks.
 In the 2013 talk titled “Deep Learning, 
Self-Taught Learning and Unsupervised Feature Learning” he described the idea of deep learning as:

Using brain simulations, hope to:

– Make learning algorithms much better and easier to use.

– Make revolutionary advances in machine learning and AI.

I believe this is our best shot at progress towards real AI
A Convolutional neural network (CNN) is a neural network that has one or more convolutional layers and are used mainly 
for image processing, classification, segmentation and also for other auto correlated data.

Convolutional layers are the major building blocks used in convolutional neural networks.

A convolution is the simple application of a filter to an input that results in an activation.
Repeated application of the same filter to an input results in a map of activations called a feature map, indicating the
locations and strength of a detected feature in an input, such as an image.


A pooling layer is a new layer added after the convolutional layer. Specifically, after a nonlinearity (e.g. ReLU) has 
been applied to the feature maps output by a convolutional layer. 
The layers in a CNN model may look as follows:
1.Input Image
2.Convolutional Layer
3.Nonlinearity
4.Pooling Layer

Two common functions used in the pooling operation are:

Average Pooling: Calculate the average value for each patch on the feature map.
Maximum Pooling (or Max Pooling): Calculate the maximum value for each patch of the feature map.