Machine learning is a method of data analysis that automates analytical model building. It is a branch of artificial
intelligence based on the idea that systems can learn from data, identify patterns and make decisions with minimal human
intervention.Machine learning is the science of getting computers to act without being explicitly programmed. In the past
decade, machine learning has given us self-driving cars, practical speech recognition, effective web search, and a vastly
improved understanding of the human genome. Machine learning is so pervasive today that you probably use it dozens of times
a day without knowing it.
Machine learning is the science of getting computers to act without being explicitly programmed. In the past decade, 
machine
learning has given us self-driving cars, practical speech recognition, effective web search, and a vastly improved 
understanding of the human genome. Machine learning is so pervasive today that you probably use it dozens of times a day 
without knowing it.

Word embedding
In this algorithm we will create or use already built dataset in which each word is mapped with some n-dimensional vector
which is useful for distinguishing every word from each other.We have created vector because computer cannot understand 
word but instead it can understand number wo we will use vectors to differentiate each word.
we can create our own dataset if we have certain limits in the words but if we dont have any idea which word can come so 
better to use pre built dataset as it might be slow but higher accuracy than our dataset.
Google word to vect is a dataset created specifically for word embedding as powerfull deep learning model cannot understand
string in it's raw form without converting it to vector.

Cosine Similarity
it is the mathematical expresion that we will be using to predict the word D as we have created the vector of each word and
with vector we can find the cos of angle between two vectors (i.e. two words) and with this we can relate how similar those
2 words are. If the cos of angle between them is 0 the n both are different otherwise and if it is 1 then both words are 
very much similar or same.