This model is based on the Deep Learning 
Deep learning is an artificial intelligence function that imitates the workings of the human brain in processing data and
creating patterns for use in decision making. Deep learning is a subset of machine learning in artificial intelligence (AI)
that has 
networks capable of learning unsupervised from data that is unstructured or unlabeled. Also known as deep neural learning 
or deep neural network.
Andrew Ng from Coursera and Chief Scientist at Baidu Research formally founded Google Brain that eventually resulted in 
the productization of deep learning technologies across a large number of Google services.
In early talks on deep learning, Andrew described deep learning in the context of traditional artificial neural networks.
 In the 2013 talk titled “Deep Learning, 
Self-Taught Learning and Unsupervised Feature Learning” he described the idea of deep learning as:

Using brain simulations, hope to:

– Make learning algorithms much better and easier to use.

– Make revolutionary advances in machine learning and AI.

I believe this is our best shot at progress towards real AI

Flower Recognition uses Convolution Neural Network.
Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) are everywhere. It is arguably the most popular deep learning architecture. The recent 
surge of interest in deep learning is due to the immense popularity and effectiveness of convnets. The interest in CNN 
started with AlexNet in 2012 and it has grown exponentially ever since. In just three years, researchers progressed from 8
layer AlexNet to 152 layer ResNet.
CNN is now the go-to model on every image related problem. In terms of accuracy they blow competition out of the water. 
It is also successfully applied to recommender systems, natural language processing and more. The main advantage of CNN 
compared to its predecessors is that it automatically detects the important features without any human supervision. 
For example, given many pictures of cats and dogs it learns distinctive features for each class by itself.
CNN is also computationally efficient. It uses special convolution and pooling operations and performs parameter sharing.
 This enables CNN models to run on any device, making them universally attractive.