Machine learning is a method of data analysis that automates analytical model building. It is a branch of artificial 
intelligence based on the idea that systems can learn from data, identify patterns and make decisions with minimal human
intervention.Machine learning is the science of getting computers to act without being explicitly programmed. In the past
decade, machine learning has given us self-driving cars, practical speech recognition, effective web search, and a vastly
improved understanding of the human genome. Machine learning is so pervasive today that you probably use it dozens of times
a day without knowing it.
Machine learning is the science of getting computers to act without being explicitly programmed. In the past decade, 
machine
learning has given us self-driving cars, practical speech recognition, effective web search, and a vastly improved 
understanding of the human genome. Machine learning is so pervasive today that you probably use it dozens of times a day 
without knowing it.

This model is based on the Decision Tree
Decision tree algorithm falls under the category of supervised learning. 
Supervised learning is when the model is getting trained on a labelled dataset. Labelled dataset is one which have both
input and output parameters.
A Decision tree is a flowchart like tree structure, where each internal node denotes a test on an attribute, each branch 
represents an outcome of the test, and each leaf node (terminal node) holds a class label. In Decision Tree the major 
challenge is to identification of the attribute for the root node in each level.This process is known as attribute 
selection. We have many popular attribute selection methods but in this model we have used the Information Gain method.
We can find the Information Gain on the basis of decrease in entropy after a data-set is split on an attribute.Constructing
a decision tree is all about finding attribute that returns the highest information gain.

Decision Tree Algorithm Pseudocode
-Place the best attribute of the dataset at the root of the tree on the basis of attribute selection.
-Split the training set into subsets. Subsets should be made in such a way that each subset contains data with the same 
value for an attribute.
-Repeat step 1 and step 2 on each subset until you find leaf nodes in all the branches of the tree.